you wanna response you want a response
like you guys video response easy Reggie
I can take it from here okay now I first
of all I can't believe I'm doing the
second video on this alone I I told
somebody on Twitter yesterday that that
gimmick was all my that video i put up
the last night from bros clay was all
the time with that game was going to get
out of me but apparently i'm doing this
now because i have to be I feel like I
want to because there seems to be a lot
of people that don't understand where
I'm coming from him first of all if you
like the Brodus Clay gimmick this is not
to bash you or criticize you in any way
this video is intended to again so you
that you people that don't understand
for those of you who don't understand
where I'm coming from this is to maybe
help you click clear up some
explanations here and I'll address some
of the comments that were left on here
because I don't want to there's like
over 100 comments and again I still can
you believe that conversation is guys
been getting for stirring up but um yeah
I'll address some of the comments here
and the reasons why people think i'm
stupid for thinking that not like this
first of all the the biggest reason why
I'm upset about the whole Brodus Clay
gimmick is because WWE does not have a
history of ever pushing guys with this
kind of gimmick and I don't mean just
the disco guy gimmick whatever just in
that nature guys like a flash funk guys
like ernest the cat' miller guys like
The Godfather guys like I don't know and
I believe some of the i believe the
Godfather was a former European if not
IC champion so I guess he did he did
something um flash funk never did
anything under stack at miller in w/e
didn't do anything uh this going for a
no I don't even think he was ando do his
roster no it's not the active main
roster but my point is I feel bad for
brodus clay because it's like okay
you're fucked if you ever going to
achieve something in w/e you're not
going to do with this gimmick which
leads me to my next my next point
someone said if this was in chikara
you'd be okay with it first of all
first of all I i rarely watched Jakarta
okay and then I saw another comment we
put well I think what he meant was that
everybody says that Jakara is PG done
right yes I have heard that before so I
definitely I agree with him on that
aspect but the thing is when you're in
shikahr oh and you have the gimmick like
Brutus if you're in shikahr if this was
in shikahr let me just pay you a picture
if Brodus Clay was in chikara and any
promotion for those who don't know what
that is and he had that same gimmick
it's fine but only because he's trying
to expand and show the other companies
that may sign him what kind of charisma
or what kind of guy he can show her just
to show that he can pull up pull off
such a lame character off that's the
point so you can show other companies
that you're diversified you can do
different things with you know you can
adapt to different characters and
whatnot but he's in WWE he's in the big
times he's not supposed to be doing this
and third of all is that that just
brings it to our next point the vignette
they showed fucking video packages for
Christ's sake building and hyping this
guy up as a monster so when we get this
piece of crap how do you not expect from
me and other people to be like okay what
the hell is this is now and someone's
going to say what to swerve there were
they were trying to surprise us then why
didn't they make comedic vignettes and
kind of make this funny so that they
when he finally did show up it's kind of
like oh there's that son of a bitch
they've been showing to us and so was
going to say what are the water to be a
surprise well this is not a surprise
this is not using logic into their
vignettes they wasted time pretty much
they wasted our time showing us
vignettes of a guy who didn't even show
up maybe if you think about it hindsight
here and like two weeks ago jon leuer
and s is on the phone he got off the
phone with brodus clay and then he talks
to tongue he's like I sure hate to be
produce clays first upon because he
sounded really pissed okay so would you
be scared of this disco guy would you be
scared of that guy that he wasn't that
gimmick at NXT the big monster and that
leads me to my next point someone said
well do you prefer what we have now or
some boring monster mid Carter okay
first of all being a mid Carter is a lot
better than way than what he's going to
end up with this gimmick second based on
that that last point is who says that
all my
sirs have to be boring you say and I
know someone's going to say here then
who says all gimmicks like this have to
be lame my point is there have been big
guys before and w.e that not have the
best best charisma may not have had the
best mic skills but they were just good
enough to get buying the ring their size
and their look ie Yokozuna ie bam bam
bigelow although bam bam bigelow my
favorites big man of all time is far
superior to produce clay and often super
late but my point is there's guys that
can make it work for them who is who's
made it work as a disco guy who's made
it work as who's achieved something with
this type of gimmick in w/e really who's
if anything what a hardcore title like
what have they really done that's my
main point is that I feel bad for brodus
clay and again like let me see what else
there was there's other comments here I
forgot but um and then some people are
like it's funny it's entertaining oh and
then my next point if this was in TNA
and i think lv 5454 brought this up and
i completely agree if this was in TNA
Impact Wrestling whatever people would
shit all over this and that's a fucking
what's out of fact because it hasn't
happened but that's my opinion that I
honestly think would happen and I will
tell you this I would've should i
because quite frankly Impact Wrestling
doesn't even deserve my attention that
much to shit on it even though i just
made a vid on a few days ago but besides
that when i read something i'm just like
like whatever its impact wresting what
do you expect but others that still you
know devote some you know some time to
this company they would shell over a
benowa since it's in WWE everyone is oh
it's okay and yes i'm an indy wrestling
fan and there's gimmicks that I can't
stand in indy wrestling but the thing is
again in indy wrestling when you have
gimmicks like this is because you're
trying to show a Vincent man and dixie
carter and other people the bigger
promotions than what the company you're
currently in to show them that you can
adapt to different things once you get
to those companies you're supposed to
evolve grow as a as a as a wrestler not
stick with the same shit
I think that's all the time I want to
give this I don't think there's anything
else I can really address i pretty much
addressed everything here if you still
disagree with what i have to say that is
perfectly fine again the point is so
that you guys can at least see where I'm
coming from it doesn't it's not meant
for you to sway you into agreeing with
what I'm saying I'm just saying this
video is intended to show you where I'm
coming from and again if you like the
birds clay gimmick go ahead it's it I'm
all right with that it's just you guys
are acting like I like like I'm just
shitting on this period like I have no
you know no points to back up what I'm
saying but yeah that's all I have to say
about the gimmick at least for now who
knows them I have to make a third video
on this but um yeah that's it for now
you guys you leave you guys thoughts
down below I don't even think I needed
to say that because if this if the video
or the comment section for this video is
the one like anything like the one from
last night yeah there's going to be a
lot of discussion going on but yeah
thank you guys for watching